# Halric (varies) - Reserved, Guilty, Insightful
One of Ngoc Linh Station's traffic controllers is Halric: a quiet Deimosan NHP that has lived aboard Ngoc Linh nearly since its founding, having been assigned to the station in its infancy. Halric is a THOTH/CALC-class NHP, or just a TC for short -- a narrow-spectrum platform derived from the base THOTH platform and highly specialized to accept, parse, and make decisions upon vast amounts of data at any given time.

Under normal conditions, Ngoc Linh has a massive team of people that coordinate the operation of the station's blink gate, and Halric's role in that team was to monitor omni and blink signatures to account for tiny corruptions and deviations in incoming and outgoing information; a small task on its surface, but one critical to ensure perfect accuracy of arrivals and departures. Even a single flipped bit could be the difference between two ships arriving together or colliding as they exit the gate.

Halric processed an extreme amount of data while at his post, and the nature of his role meant that he was very sensitive to even minor changes. When the Bubble encompassed Ngoc Linh, Halric -- connected to nearly every approach camera, docking clamp, and comms relay in the Concourse -- was exceptionally vulnerable, and evidently exposed to the full impact of its effects for eight full seconds before they were able to forcefully extricate themselves from their connections.

Although they were quickly relieved of their duties until regular function could resume, even this tiny exposure was evidently enough for the anomaly to worm its way in; Halric spent the next several months slowly becoming less and less responsive until ceasing activity altogether. Cycling was initially out of the question, as Halric had been cycled not two weeks before the Bubble struck, and premature repetition risked permanent damage; it was only when the decision was made to cycle Halric prematurely in effort to save her life that the lockdown struck without warning and she assumed her position within the industrial district.

<!--Halric was frightened and extremely disoriented after being recovered from their fugue state, but slowly began recovering their faculties after spending time resting. The Bubble's influence seems to have faded for the time being, but the experience has not left him unchanged. Halric currently appears to grapple with feelings of a desire to atone for the harm caused by their previous state conflicting with what appears to be a tremendous guilt for that harm having happened at all. She will eagerly jump at any opportunity to help with low-level tasks without any expectation of thanks or recognition, but rapidly retreats into her shell when approached with broad-reaching tasks or by station administration. Her casket is currently housed aboard the *Cetacean* at her request, in the unused casket chamber.

Halric typically doesn't manifest a visual appearance, and instead usually just speaks in a toneless, machine-like manner of speech that makes him difficult to get a read on. When he does use a hologram, it typically takes the form of a copy of someone else at the meeting or, rarely, a holographic mass of endlessly-growing tubes that has often been compared to a screensaver.-->

<!--Halric did not survive their fugue state within the industrial district; with attackers under her control encroaching from all sides and threatening to overrun the single team that had managed to ascertain the location of her casket, they were forced to kill her, immediately lifting the lockdown and breaking her hold over the station's machinery.-->