# Ngoc Linh Station

Ngoc Linh Station is the southwesternmost blink gate in inhabited space. Located beyond the Hyades cluster and on the edge of inhabited space, the gate is analogous to a rush town -- perched on the perimeter of the 32 Orionis group in the HIP 25205 system, it has maintained a state of perpetual expansion since its initial construction, having enjoyed constant growth since its founding as a jumping-off point for exploration ships and colonial ventures interested in exploiting the region.

See also: [HIP 25205](HIP%2025205.md)

## Demographics
Ngoc Linh is a growing population center, and owing to its nature as a blink gate, the extreme majority of its some two hundred thousand residents are immigrants from all across inhabited space, or descended from immigrants; the remainder (around seven percent), colloquially known as the old guard, can trace a lineage to the station's original seed populations.

Like any blink gate, Ngoc Linh has a very diverse population; an unclassifiable stew of uncounted cultures, traditions, and beliefs, left on the stove to simmer and mix. Though the station is the size of a city and under the direct administration of Union, the station maintains a frontiersy feel that stubbornly persists despite its continuing growth, perhaps in part due to being surrounded by unexplored space.

On top of its permanent population, Ngoc Linh supports a constant influx of transient visitors -- contractors, workers, representatives, passengers, researchers, travelers, tourists, officials, colonists and more -- staying temporarily on the station due to work, leisure, layover, or wanderlust. Depending on current events and the time of year, this population can fluctuate wildly, ranging from several hundred to well over fifty thousand.

### Politics
Ngoc Linh's governor is known as **Novel Greenwater** (he/him). As a staunch partisan of the New Humanity Front, Novel's policy decisions are well-known for mirroring his ideology: a results-driven emphasis on growth, a reduction in Union control over the station, reduced official oversight, and a focus on self-sufficiency.

His political philosophy, colloquially known simply as "Novelism", is dominant aboard Ngoc Linh. The movement lacks a centralized message, but most approaches place an emphasis on community cohesion and preservation of individual cultural identities -- ideals that often fly in the face of the cult of personality surrounding Novel himself, which casts him as a strong leader that the station needs to function.

The most hardline Novelists take this aspect a step further, advocating for a broad-scale increase of the governor's ability to directly affect change aboard the station with the end goal of creating the first truly independent blink gate: free to make their own choices and to decide for themselves what merits the hegemony's laws hold. Known as the indie movement, this philosophy of total independence has slowly expanded from a fringe movement to a genuine presence aboard the station in recent decades, largely thanks to an aggressive strategy shift that focuses on the prohibitions of the First Contact Accords and the negative impacts they have upon humanity, contrasting those prohibitions directly with the effects of Union oversight.

Novelism's contradictory beliefs are frequently highlighted by its political opponents aboard the station, who point to the governor's unhesitating willingness to wield the apparatus of the hegemony despite his ostensible philosophy of a reduction in centralized power. In particular, Novel has has proven to habitually flex the presence of Union security aboard the station in order to "bring order" to charged situations and continually advocates for their expansion, citing them as the glue of a healthy community.

Opposition and countercultural movements on Ngoc Linh accuse Novel of using his philosophy as a smokescreen to draw attention away from the actual decisions being made: an increase in security presence, tightening of resource distribution, a lack of community input on major construction plans and policy changes, and so on. All of these things, they argue, paint the lofty ideals of Novelism as nothing more than a front operation for a neo-anthrochauvinist philosophy of power consolidation, not power reduction. Novel himself has a notorious reputation for refusing to acknowledge the term "anthrochauvinist" at all, which only serves to make those claims more credible.

Despite widening cultural schisms and growing calls for change from all across the political spectrum, the governor himself enjoys wide support across Ngoc Linh. He's soft-spoken, charismatic, sheepish, and is very skilled at describing complicated things in digestible ways, all of which have made him a popular figure. All but the most vocal of his opponents are hesitant to call his actions actively malicious (at least not openly), and instead point to his contradictory policies as an indicator of inexperience, incompetence, or cowardice.