# People of Interest

## ACO *Cetacean*

### Captain Jeremiah Quay (he/him) - Levelheaded, Unflappable, Warm
Captain Jeremiah Quay (preferred name Quay) is the captain of the *Cetacean*. An IPS-N careerist, Quay has lived for a staggering 203 subjective years, with just over ninety of those years spent working for IPS-N across a multitude of assignments and contracts. The *Cetacean* has been under his command since 5001u -- not as long as the other captains have run the ship, but still plenty of time in its own right.

Quay stands at around six-and-a-half feet tall, with olive skin, small green eyes, and a taut build. His hair is a messy, short-cut scruff of light white, with trimmed sideburns running down the length of his face. He has maintained much of his functionality into old age through modern medicine: many of his organs have failed over time and been swapped with cloned replacements, more than half a dozen bones have been replaced with alloy/composite prostheses, and a modern Panacea gland has been purpose-tailored to staving off the onset of dementia. Even at 203, Quay can run, shout, exercise, and fight if needed; his capacity is much diminished from his younger years, but remains well around the average -- a feat he is very proud of.

When not needed in the bridge, Quay's usual haunts include the canteen and the fore observation bubble, where he can be found talking or killing time, typically over a cup of something. This is more common than one might expect; also as a rule, Quay tends not to exercise the "captain" part of being the *Cetacean's* captain. He spends little time on the bridge, and this habit has slowly extended to much the rest of the ship's executive track as it became clear that the ship needing direct orders was the exception rather than the rule. This behavior comes to the chagrin of Access Corridor itself, which, by virtue of Quay being appointed directly by IPS-N and not ACO itself, cannot meaningfully penalize him other than reporting the behavior to IPS-N -- which are not inclined to take its subsidiary's demand for professionality seriously.

As a rule, Quay is calm and amiable. The only times he raises his voice are when he's shouting across the room to make himself heard, and throughout the entirety of his tenure, he has never become any more visibly stressed or angry than pursed lips and a sigh. He is loathe to exercise his authority at all, only stepping in with his rank to coordinate response to an emergency situation or to defuse heated disagreements; the man's presence alone, however, is often enough to help cool heads win out.

### Poppy Moray (she/her) - Hospitable, Attentive, Unpredictable
Poppy Moray is the contracted galley cook currently out of stasis -- a woman of inscrutable thoughts and indeterminate age. She's short compared to the Diasporan average, barely topping five feet in height, with light pinkish skin and brown eyes. She is also bald; she has no head hair or eyebrows to speak of.

Most of Poppy's time is spent in the canteen: making food, mixing and sharing drinks, talking to people, cleaning the place, often all four at once. Her adherence to the bland white kitchen uniform means that she remains an incognito presence in all kinds of goings-on, which she is very observant of; sometimes she seems to know people aboard the ship more intimately than they know themselves. Despite her alarming awareness, though, Poppy remains well-liked; her kindness and insistence on hospitality makes her ubiquitously known aboard the ship, for better or worse.

Poppy's talents for discreetly gathering information have not gone unnoticed. Although she's technically an independent contractor, Poppy has quietly become the go-to fly on the wall during stops and shore leaves to learn tidbits of recent news. She's been in meetings with the executive track during the approach to Ngoc Linh, and while her lips are sealed, rumor has it that she'll be playing a direct part in the coordination of the *Cetacean's* response efforts.

#### Goat
Poppy also owns a live goat, which she has creatively named **Goat**. Goat is a genetically-engineered dairy breed and sports a coat of short light chestnut fur, large eyes, and small pokey horns; she is very cautious of strangers, but is friendly and well-trained enough otherwise to be given free reign of the canteen when Poppy is around to supervise. Goat is fed on printed feed and greens from the hydroponics bay, and she produces a hefty amount of milk that has proven a surprising boon -- fresh dairy is a rare luxury in Cosmopolitan life, and it's used extensively for cooking and to produce a variety of cheeses.

At the moment, it is entirely unclear how Goat was smuggled aboard the ship. She is not listed on any manifests, and the *Cetacean* has no official clearance to transport livestock in the first place. But her calmness in zero-g and reputation as a mascot figure (not to mention the fresh food) mean that the executive track's members are typically united in their response to corporate queries about the goat: what goat?

### Brilliant Sparks (she/her) - Relaxed, Blithe, Aware
Brilliant Sparks (a shortened version of a much longer name that she isn't inclined to share) is ostensibly the *Cetacean's* chief engineer. Carrying proportions roughly close to the Diasporan average, she's very young for her role -- only twenty-nine subjective years -- with pasty pinkish skin, back-length reddish hair she tends to keep in a ponytail, dark green eyes, and splotches on her face. She can typically be found in her high-visibility jumpsuit, typically with a hard hat or welding helmet and always with the nearly-opaque light blue visor that she never seems to take off.

Theoretically, a chief engineer's responsibilities include overseeing the rest of the maintenance track and divvying out responsibilities accordingly. In practice, she has instead established a routine of locking open her office door every morning and then filling the role of a regular engineer throughout the day, occasionally serving as a liaison between tracks or distributing information from on high but typically preferring the approach of letting her subordinates decide upon their own tasks.

Brilliant is a social butterfly and spends a great deal of time with friends, of which she endeavors to have many; her small downtime schedule is often packed, but she seems to find a way to make room for anybody who feels like a talk. She is easygoing, sympathetic, eschews decorum, and has a habit of saying the quiet part out loud and embarrassing people in the process.

It goes without saying that Brilliant's personality and methods are not popular with Access Corridor, and the more corpro-minded within the executive track consistently issue reprimands whenever they get the chance; Brilliant has technically been on a probationary period for nearly two-thirds of her time on the *Cetacean.* Her uncanny acumen for the aging ship's guts, however, makes her extremely hard to replace -- she has on multiple occasions detected hardware malfunctions simply from hearing imperceptible odd noises in the background -- and her friendship with Quay means that it's unlikely the captain will sign off on a sacking anytime soon.
