# Timeline

All entries are listed chronologically and in realtime, with T being equal to the moment in time that the [*Cetacean*](aco-cetacean.md) arrives at [Ngoc Linh Station](ngoc-linh.md).
### 5019u
* *Unknown (theorized):* [The bubble](the-bubble.md) appears at a point beyond the Cascade Line and begins to expand. Because it has not yet intersected with inhabited space, it is theorized to have grown for an unknown period of time before being discovered.
* *T-6 months:* Union administrators on Ngoc Linh Station submit an official report to the Union Science Bureau in which they describe isolated incidents of small ships vanishing during blink transit while en route to or from the station. An official investigation takes place, but is unable to draw any conclusive evidence; fewer than one percent of traveling ships are affected in this way. A travel advisory is issued, but no further action is able to be taken.
* *T-16 weeks:* The bubble reaches Ngoc Linh. Reports of anomalous activity at the gate begin increasing at an exponential rate. Union reopens their investigation.
* *T-14 weeks:* Over one in ten ships inbound or outbound from Ngoc Linh is reported to vanish during blinkspace transit. The station's blink gate is disabled except for emergency vessels only. The station's governor enacts rationing measures to preserve resources.
* *T-10 weeks:* Resource shortages begin in earnest aboard Ngoc Linh Station. An aid convoy consisting of a light cruiser and a handful of frigates is dispatched from the core worlds, loaded with food and other vital supplies. The frigates arrive safely, but the cruiser -- carrying the majority of the aid bound for the gate -- vanishes in transit. Hood Station is selected as a new staging ground for relief efforts, and the first convoy embarks on its seven-year trip
* *T-7 weeks:* The bubble reaches Hood Station. Relief efforts are thrown into chaos as supply lines are severed and dozens of volunteers become trapped themselves. The same day, Union puts out a good Samaritan call: an emergency request for any unaffiliated ships in the area to divert to Ngoc Linh Station to assist in providing humanitarian aid in exchange for manna and full material reimbursement. Among the numerous ships that respond is the *Cetacean*, a ponderous fuel tanker owned by [Access Corridor](access-corridor.md) and carrying a full load of fusion fuel currently bound for inner space. The ship diverts course the same day, making for Ngoc Linh at nearlight.
* *T-6 weeks:* In response to a high response to the good Samaritan call and under high pressure, Union makes the extremely controversial decision to reverse the outbound aid convoy from Hood Station, directing it to return there; they reason that the resources could help salvage the situation at Hood, and that the civilian ships inbound to Ngoc Linh will arrive to provide aid far more quickly than the convoy itself would.
* *T-4 weeks:* As conditions continue to deteriorate aboard Ngoc Linh and Hood, the omninet begins to "flicker" in the zone; outbound communications become spotty and prone to brownouts, and inbound communications increasingly fail to connect at all.
* *T-2 weeks:* Civilians trapped aboard Ngoc Linh successfully execute a conspiracy to force open the gate and send through several refugee vessels in a desperate attempt to reach the core worlds. Five cargo ships loaded with passengers totaling over eight hundred people pass through the gate; only two of them arrive.
* *T-5 days:* Omninet interference reaches a critical point, and contact with Ngoc Linh Station is almost completely lost; the few messages that get through paint a harrowing picture of all-out collapse as the last supplies of food begin to dwindle. Communications at Hood Station continue, leading the USB to theorize that interference increases with proximity to the relative center of the zone.
* *T-0:* The *Cetacean* arrives in HIP 25205.